Hahaha
This piece of crap can't stand chicken
I'll see how he ends later
Pay 100 million yuan
Mr. Guo Yu successfully bought the Ocean Star necklace.
How is that possible?
How can I have 100 million?
Must be fake
You couldn't take out the bride price 1 million Xu Feng
Where did you cheat Dad of this 100 million now?
It's questioning.
VIP of the Su family
Zhao Jiangxiong, take care of these two evil people in your family
Dare to shout again
Slap them both in the mouth
Uh, sorry.
The two of them went out today without a brain
Apologize quickly
Master, who are you?
Look at Zhao Tianhua's expression
follow
It's like eating shit hahaha
You villain